= Tokyo Wrapper

  Ruby gem with the code with the convenient methods written on the top of rufus-tokyo. 

  It is extracted from the code I frequently use when using rufus-tokyo to access Tokyo Cabinet. 

  For example, for table, I always add a row with unique id so I always use generate_unique_id method. 
  By wrapping the call to this method, the code that is using the rufus/tokyo doesn't get cluttered. 

  rufus-tokyo is "ffi based ruby library to access Tokyo Cabinet and Tokyo Tyrant" by John Mettraux 
  (Copyright (c) 2009-2010, see http://github.com/jmettraux/rufus-tokyo/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

== Basic underlying philosophy

  1. Preserve the functionality and behaviour of rufus-tokyo. 

    1-1. No fork of rufus-tokyo. 

    1-2. This gem doesn't open rufus-tokyo class and add a functionality there. 
         It is developed as a pure wrapper. 

    1-3. The minimum or no exception handling of its own is done. 
         All the exceptions should directly come from rufus-tokyo, so that usage of this gem doesn't 
       interfere the usage of rufus-tokyo to access Tokyo Cabinet. 
         (Of course, as found necessary, this gem raises its own exception but it should be minimum.)

  2. The data are used in Hash format. 

    2-1. This gem is not meant to be a mapper to Object like Object-Relational Mapping. 
         Comment from the author (tadatoshi): 
         "I'm using Ruby on Rails most of the time. I'm thinking of using DataMapper for all the 
          Object-Relational Mappings when Ruby on Rails 3.0 becomes available. 
          I don't know much about DataMapper for Tokyo Cabinet so I cannot make a comment about it. 
          But at least, I'm thinking of using this gem only when I want to use the data in Hash format."

== Required Ruby Gems

  rufus-tokyo 1.0.1 or above. 

  sudo gem install rufus-tokyo --source http://gemcutter.org

== Install

  sudo gem install tokyo_wrapper --source http://gemcutter.org

== Licence

Copyright (c) 2010, Tadatoshi Takahashi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.